I see the night skyline,
No cars on the street;
The breeze is unexpectedly fine,
Finally a relief from this tropical heat.

They say it's never too late.
My book is left open for tomorrow's test.
I am now in terms with my fate
I'm simply not giving my best.

I go back to watch the outside view
It's almost same but I find something new.

A lightning iluminates the night sky
reflected by the shards of the tall building
I make a silent sigh
Finally the summer is ending.

Next day I wake up late
With a throat so sore;
I dash through the main gate













Atop the building rooftop,
She was waiting for me.
It was our first time together;
yet I stood like a wooden dummy.

She ignored my awkwardness,
as I appreciated her nice dress.
Deep within my mind
I thought she must be of a special kind.

Her smile had something heavenly
I wish I could meet her daily.
She was considerate enough to listen to my poor jokes
while I would be mocked and ridiculed by other folks


Hardly the rains did arrive,
With hope of change
Compelling me to stay in my hive,
and limiting my travelling range.

Clouds burst out,water  

 

I opened my eyes in midnight
Alas, it wasn't my bedroom at my sight.
I was in a dark room, faint light coming from the distance
I opened the door out, similar rooms popped in prominence.
I walked and walked many




I can't figure out what to do and what not to,
Should I get a cool haircut, or an even cooler tattoo.
This indecision is larger than you and me
Why do we need passport size photo when we have selfie.
I append lines and think to delete 
Like watching every movement of my feet.





I'm fighting a losing battle,
Flashbacks of past horrors appear in reminiscence.
Chains of anxiety holds me back,
As I try vehemently to move on.
I look forward with hope in my eyes
Though it flickers like a candle light.
Aspirations turn into worries
With every loss I make.
I think that it's not about the loss or gain,
It's about the zeal to strive harder
With every blow we encounter.
A victory motivates you further
And a defeat helps to learn from our mistakes.




I wave my hands tirelessly,
to reach out in the open.
Somehow I hold my

She is taken











The identity which we own,






Soft music repeating in a loop,
I close my eyes to sense my surroundings with a closer attention
There's a distinct peace at home,there's an aroma of well-being at every breath
That nostalgia lingering at every nook of the house,that light touch from the bed as I lay on it.
The attachment that unknowingly develops over years,is very tough to severe
No matter how many times I return back to this place
There's an uneasy feel,"this is where I belong",simultaneously to "this is where I no more belong".


 








